# weather-dashboard
This Challenge was meant to further our knowledge of HTML, CSS, as well as JavaScript, as well as further introduce us to the concept of Third-Party APIs such as the 5-day weather forecast API that we used for this Challenge. There are many others out there, of course. We had to utilize the OpenWeather API, creating our own API key, to access the information that the API provides for not just a daily/current forecast, but a 5 day forecast to give the user a future weather outlook. I used JavaScript to not only create the individual forecast cards, but also create individual elements such as the p elements for temp, wind, and humidity that are used within each forecast card. I also created functions with the help of a tutor, Mila Hose, and the Xpert Learning Assistant, that would store the user's inputs to local storage, find the current weather, and find the 5 day forecast. Lastly, I created a function that would add the user's last search to their search history. I used HTML to create the basis for the application, including the overall title of the webpage, the h1 header for the Weather Dashboard, created a Search button that would be used alongside JavaScript and the OpenWeather API to fetch the weather data as requested, as well as sections for the 5-Day Forecast and Current Weather. Lastly, I used CSS to style the individual elements within the HTML. 

## Disclosures
The code source for this application is located in the index.html file as well as the CSS styling and dynamic JavaScript code inside the repository that is linked for this Challenge. I also utilized the Xpert Learning Assistant and, as previously mentioned, tutor Mila Hose, to help me finalize multiple pieces of the JavaScript code. 

